[ENG-8871][docs] Codepush to EAS Update migration guide (#22883)
expo/expo: docs/pages/bare/updating-your-app.mdx

```xml
<meta-data android:name="expo.modules.updates.EXPO_UPDATE_URL" android:value="https://u.expo.dev/your-project-id"/>
<meta-data android:name="expo.modules.updates.EXPO_RUNTIME_VERSION" android:value="@string/expo_runtime_version"/>
```

> Inside **android/app/src/main/res/values/strings.xml**, you'll see the following additions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Inside **android/app/src/main/res/values/strings.xml**, you'll see the two `string` entries, `app_name` and `expo_runtime_version`, in the `resources` object:
```
